- Give us some prosciutto, but only if it´s homemade
Prosciutto aged for two years, the pride of every household in Dalmatia. Pork butt salted and naturally dried with smoke and the Bura wind."

Daj nam malo pršuta, ali samo ako je domaći

Pršut star dvije godine, ponos svake kuće u Dalmaciji. Svinjski but soljen i sušen na prirodan način uz dim i vjetar Buru.


- Herzegovinian in Dalmatia
"Chicken livers, onions, butter, tomatoes, and focaccia."

Hercegovac u Makarskoj
pileća jetrica, luk, maslac, rajčica i focaccia.

- Beauties from Neretva
"Frog legs in prosciutto! On a vegetable salad with sauce. Frogs are typical for the area around the Neretva River, located in the north of the Dubrovnik-Neretva County, an area rich in fruits and vegetables. Residents use 'trupe' - small boats for catching eels and frogs."

Ljepotice s Neretve
Žabe u pršutu! Na salatu s povrćem i umakom.
Žabe su tipične za područje oko rijeke Neretve koja se nalazi na sjeveru dubrovačke županije, području bogatom voćem i povrćem. Stanovnici koriste “trupe” - male brodiće za lov jegulja i zaba.

- Cheese, cheese and only cheese
"Cheese is crucial for the island of Pag, and Pag cheeses are the most awarded Croatian cheeses. The island of Pag lacks vegetation, so the diet of sheep is heavily dependent on Mediterranean wild herbs found on bare rocks. We also include cheeses from Dubrovnik in our platter so that our guests can compare cheese-making styles."

Sir, sir i samo sir
Sir je jako bitan za otok Pag i paški sirevi su najnagradjivaniji hrvatski sirevi. Otok Pag je siromašan vegetacijom, stoga je jako bitna ishrana ovaca mediteranskim samoniklim biljem koje pronadju na golim stijenama. 
U platu stavljamo i sireve iz Dubrovnika da naši gosti mogu usporediti stilove izrade sira.

- Čobanac gyoza 
Traditional 'čobanac' contains a minimum of three types of meat, with a preference for one of them to be game. Our 'čobanac' includes three types of game meat - deer, roe deer, and wild boar.
Gyoza is a Chinese traditional dish with a unique taste and aroma.

Čobanac gyoza
Tradicionalni čobanac sadrži minimalno tri vrste mesa, a preferira se da jedna vrsta bude divljač. Naš čobanac ima 3 vrste divljači - jelena, srnu i vepra. Gyoza je kinesko tradicionalno jelo, 
posebnog okusa i mirisa.


- Duck in spring rolls
"A dish that combines Slavonia and international cuisine. Duck, representing continental Croatia, in the attire of 'spring rolls.' Duck meat with plenty of vegetables in a crispy wrap."

Patka u “spring roli”
Jelo koje spaja Slavoniju i internacionalnu kuhinju. Patka kao predstavnik kontinentalne Hrvatske u 
“spring rolama” ruhu. Meso patke s puno povrća u hrskavom omotu.

- Raštika soup
Raštika is a plant that has nourished Herzegovina. The green gem most commonly cooked with dried meat. We prepare it as a soup served with walnuts and clotted cream. Clotted cream is a slightly saltier cheese, with a light texture. Full of flavor and richness, give it a try!

Juha od raštike
Raštika je biljka koja je othranila Hercegovinu. Zeleni dragulj koji se najčešće kuha sa suhim mesom. Mi ju radimo kao juhu posluženu s orasima i kajmakom. Kajmak je malo slaniji sir, lagane teksture.  Puno okusa i bogatstva, probajte!

- Uštipci i kajmak
Fried dough in deep oil with clotted cream - a salty cheese with a light texture for spreading. A peasant dish and modern 'comfort food.

Uštipci i kajmak
Prženo tijesto u dubokom ulju s kajmakom - slanim sirom, lagane teksture za mazanje. Jelo seljaka i moderni “comfort food”.
